In the previous video,
you saw the logistic regression model
to train the parameters W and
B, of logistic regression model.
You need to define a cost function,
let's take a look at the cost function.
You can use to train logistic regression
to recap this is what we have defined from
the previous slide.
So you output Y hat is sigmoid of W
transports experts be where sigmoid of
Z is as defined here.
So to learn parameters for your model,
you're given a training set of
training examples and it seems natural
that you want to find parameters W and B.
So that at least on the training set, the
outputs you have the predictions you have
on the training set, which I will write as
y hat I that that will be close to
the ground troops labels y I that you
got in the training set.
So to fill in a little bit more detail for
the equation on top,
we had said that y hat as defined
at the top for a training example X.
And of course for each training example,
we're using these superscripts with
round brackets with parentheses to
index into different train examples.
Your prediction on training
example I which is y hat I is
going to be obtained by taking
the sigmoid function and
applying it to W transposed X I
the input for the training example plus B.
And you can also define Z I as
follows where Z I is equal to,
you know, W transport Z I plus B.
So throughout this course we're going
to use this notational convention
that the super strip parentheses I
refers to data be an X or Y or Z.
Or something else associated with
the I've training example associated
with the life example, okay, that's what
the superscript I in parenthesis means.
Now let's see what loss function or
an error function we can use to
measure how well our album is doing.
One thing you could do is define the loss
when your algorithm outputs y hat and
the true label is y to be maybe the
square error or one half a square error.
It turns out that you could do this, but
in logistic regression people
don't usually do this.
Because when you come to learn the
parameters, you find that the optimization
problem, which we'll talk about
later becomes non convex.
So you end up with optimization problem,
you're with multiple local optima.
So great in dissent, may not find a global
optimum, if you didn't understand the last
couple of comments, don't worry about it,
Ww'll get to it in a later video.
But the intuition to take away is
that dysfunction L called the loss
function is a function will need
to define to measure how good our
output y hat is when
the true label is y.
And squared era seems like it might
be a reasonable choice except that
it makes great in descent not work well.
So in logistic regression were actually
define a different loss function
that plays a similar
role as squared error but
will give us an optimization
problem that is convex.
And so we'll see in a later video
becomes much easier to optimize, so
what we use in logistic regression is
actually the following loss function,
which I'm just going right
out here is negative.
y log y hat plus 1 minus y log 1 minus,
y hat here's some intuition on why
this loss function makes sense.
Keep in mind that if we're using
squared error then you want to square
error to be as small as possible.
And with this logistic regression,
lost function will also want
this to be as small as possible.
To understand why this makes sense,
let's look at the two cases,
in the first case let's say y is
equal to 1, then the loss function.
y hat comma Y is just this first
term right in this negative science,
it's negative log y
hat if y is equal to 1.
Because if y equals 1, then the second
term 1 minus Y is equal to 0, so
this says if y equals 1, you want negative
log y hat to be as small as possible.
So that means you want log y hat to
be large to be as big as possible,
and that means you want y hat to be large.
But because y hat is you know the sigmoid
function, it can never be bigger than one.
So this is saying that if y is equal to 1,
you want,
y hat to be as big as possible,
but it can't ever be bigger than one.
So saying you want,
y hat to be close to one as well,
the other case is Y equals zero,
if Y equals 0.
Then this first term in the loss function
is equal to 0 because y equals 0,
and in the second term
defines the loss function.
So the loss becomes negative
Log 1 minus y hat, and so
if in your learning procedure you
try to make the loss function small.
What this means is that you want,
Log 1 minus y hat
to be large and
because it's a negative sign there.
And then through a similar piece of
reasoning, you can conclude that this
loss function is trying to make
y hat as small as possible, and
again, because y hat has
to be between zero and 1.
This is saying that if y is equal to
zero then your loss function will
push the parameters to make y
hat as close to zero as possible.
Now there are a lot of functions with
roughly this effect that if y is equal to
one, try to make y hat large and
y is equal to zero or
try to make y hat small.
We just gave here in green a somewhat
informal justification for
this particular loss function we will
provide an optional video later
to give a more formal justification for y.
In logistic regression, we like to use the
loss function with this particular form.
Finally, the last function was defined
with respect to a single training example.
It measures how well you're doing
on a single training example,
I'm now going to define something
called the cost function,
which measures how are you doing
on the entire training set.
So the cost function j,
which is applied to your parameters W and B,
is going to be the average,
really one of the m of the sun
of the loss function apply to
each of the training examples.
In turn, we're here, y hat is of course
the prediction output by your logistic
regression algorithm using, you know,
a particular set of parameters W and B.
And so just to expand this out,
this is equal to negative one of them,
some from I equals one through of
the definition of the lost function above.
So this is y I log y hat I plus 1 minus Y,
I log 1minus y hat I I guess it
can put square brackets here.
So the minus sign is outside everything
else, so the terminology I'm going
to use is that the loss function is
applied to just a single training example.
Like so and the cost function is the cost
of your parameters, so in training
your logistic regression model, we're
going to try to find parameters W and B.
That minimize the overall cost function J,
written at the bottom.
So you've just seen the setup for
the logistic regression algorithm,
the loss function for training example,
and the overall cost function for
the parameters of your algorithm.
It turns out that logistic
regression can be viewed as a very,
very small neural network.
In the next video, we'll go over that so
you can start gaining intuition
about what neural networks do.
So with that let's go on to the next video
about how to view logistic regression as
a very small neural network.